we are making spring rolls and not just
any spring rolls healthier baked one and
not just healthy bait runs but jumbo
ones for these spring rolls we need to
marinate our chicken in some Chinese
spices then we're gonna put it in our
phyllo pastry with loads another crunchy
colorful veg our pepper carrot spring
onion okay so so much going we listen to
a word of that right check in that case
you can start the chicken okay right so
Jamie you're gonna slice our chicken
into a really thin strip no thinner the
better means they're gonna cook a lot
quicker then we're gonna add some
flavoring to it so we got some Chinese
five-spice she's gonna go into our bowl
we're gonna put a tablespoon of sesame
oil in a tablespoon of soy sauce then
once Jamie's koley's chicken that goes
in there and just give it a good mix up
to marinate all of that chicken while
you're doing that I'm gonna start on the
merrier here want the garlic peeled and
then crushed and our chili as well which
we just cut around the pith and then all
these ingredients gonna chop up nice and
fine no more to get my hands in
this I would yeah and that way you can
massage you get all the little bits and
pieces around and the long you can leave
that the better a good sort a couple of
hours but we're just gonna move straight
on cuz enough flavors in there anyway
this is quite a healthy spring roll so
we're gonna add no extra oil to the pan
we've got already a criticism we were on
the chicken you know that's enough so if
you just put that in there smoking any
hot pan and sketch it and Scott layer
and then if you can get rid of all the
water cheating stuff and what their
hands down Barrentine we finish our
marinade a little bit of ginger as well
peel enough for that keep that chicken
moving every so often we've got our
garlic we've got our chili now deliver
the ginger as well which will just grate
up Jamie if you get a clean form
underneath you fresh coriander if you
can chop the hut nice and fine and we're
gonna divide all these ingredients in to
half of our garlic and our ginger and
chili in there and half in the other dip
pot and coriander cilantro okay with
some sesame oil some soy and some honey
and that becomes our dip so do you give
that a stir up and then we'll just leave
that on the back for later got a few
more veg to top up or do pepper into the
carrot peel the carrot and then cut
little peelings of it
pepper we want really really thin strip
and I just
spring onions same thing thin thin
strips so there we go I'm going to put
my spring onions into the bowl and as
soon as you guys done if you can put
your and carrot in there as well
why does this have to be so fit because
we're gonna roll them up you want loads
of all different flavors in there in
each bit is just too chunky you won't
end up with enough difference okay so a
bit of everything
while you're fishing that I knew to the
chicken now I need to strip it up again
so we've got bits like that you know
stripping yeah they're really like
shipping in the kitchen it's fine it's a
landlord so there's a bit of preparation
and chopping involved in this dish but
once you've made them they can sit in
the fridge for a little while until you
need them so you can make them way ahead
of time so all of our chicken will go in
there the pepper and carrots get also
chopped carrots but keep the whole thing
a big mix-up and they will move
everything to one side we need this
space to do our rolling so how old jumbo
are these Jumbo's patrols as big as our
filo pastry will allow us we are going
to buy this stuff already done because
easier which one sheet and what we need
to do is crack an egg
so again traditionally with feeling
patient in to use butter but this is our
healthy version so we're gonna get away
with an egg cool give that whisk up and
give it a light brushing and then now
jumbo bit plenty of this filling I'm
going to pack it in so that you get
plenty of that in there we fold in both
edges like that and then we need to wet
and dampen this because our egg acts as
the glue as well and then this is
difficult because it will start to rip
at first okay
then keep going keep going and it should
hold its shape like a dock pancake like
a duck pancakes about time you get to
the end you got several rolls with this
fantastic
filling makes you got plenty of egg at
the bottom stick it and there we go
don't do one more of those now we can
lay them on our baking tray and we just
need to give this another brush with egg
as soon as various done with brush
well worth taking your time on these you
can make them way ahead in advance okay
and they just cook them off when you
need them no no unless there's both of
those J into a hot oven at 200 degrees
Celsius until they go nice and crispy on
the outside about 15 minutes
look at those lovely and glossy crispy
on the outside
hopefully soft in the inside safe in
there I think we'll cut into one of
these you can see exactly what's going
on in the inside they should because
we're inviting does that egg they hold
their shape perfectly there we go so you
can see everything inside of there so I
reckon if we take one of our big ones
yeah okay and then one of those half cut
ones you can see exactly what's going on
there well it's our healthier version
they're fake they're full of fresh
crispy vegetables
it's our jumbo chicken spring rolls
sorted these are pretty awesome as they
are but make sure you get a dip to make
it even better
yeah always quite hot always really
quiet yeah now you're getting the
flavors hmm definitely throw it jumbo
yeah you know and I think I'll go back
to small ones after this boys should
have big you just don't go back there